            Convert CLIST to REXX via Automation


This is a CLIST conversion tool which is run as an edit macro.

Installation requires copying two REXX execs, CLS2REXX and TSOPROC,
to a SYSPROC or SYSEXEC library that is accessible to your TSO
session.

To run the product, go into ISPF EDIT and edit your CLIST to be
converted.  Be sure to make a backup copy of it first.  Then, on
the command line, type CLS2REXX and press enter.  The CLS2REXX exec,
which uses the TSOPROC exec to interpret PROC statements, will
perform the conversion, line by line, with the REXX version as
"real" lines, and the old CLIST version as "NOTE" lines in between.
In order to complete the operation, you do a SAVE on the command
line, and the REXX lines will become the permanent ones.

I've tried this program--it's not perfect, but it gives you a start.
Once you've gotten an approximate REXX that has been converted from
your CLIST, you can try to run it, and it shouldn't be too hard to
fix manually.

In this file, I've included a CLIST named DOCFIL which I converted
to a REXX, named DOCFILX.  Both of these are used in preparing a
file to be put on the CBT Tape.  The CLIST and its equivalent REXX
are used to fix the columns 73-80 of sections of FILE 001 (the
documentation) of the CBT Tape.  If you will notice, columns 73-80
contain either the expression "DOC FILE" or the file number, for
example:  "FILE 646".  To see the result just look at member @FILE646
of this pds, which was treated by this process, and look at columns
73-80 in this member.  You can find the DOCFILE assembler program
on CBT File 006.

